Generate docs and schemas from common schema definition format (#315)
eiffel-community/eiffel: eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelIssueDefinedEvent.md

<!---

>    Copyright 2017-2021 Ericsson AB and others.

Reviewer: As commented in other places, this doesn't really match the original. Should we instead provide the copyright header as a value to a key with underscore in the yaml files?

--->

# EiffelIssueDefinedEvent (ID)

> The EiffelIssueDefinedEvent declares that an issue has been created in someexternal issue management software. ID is semantically similar to [EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent.md) and [EiffelEnvironmentDefinedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelEnvironmentDefinedEvent.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EiffelIssueDefinedEvent declares that an issue has been created in some external issue management software. ID is semantically similar to [EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent.md) and [EiffelEnvironmentDefinedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelEnvironmentDefinedEvent.md).
```

Reviewer: There are multiple whitespace issues in this file, emerging from the yaml files. Please update those.

Author: Fixed in 888fdaa893e88ed28b6374edf2a6aa24539ccfec.

Reviewer: Some more whitespace errors spotted. Commented separately.

__Required:__ No  
__Legal targets:__ Any  
__Multiple allowed:__ Yes  

> __Description:__ Identifies a cause of the event occurring. SHOULD not beused in conjunction with __CONTEXT__: individual events providing __CAUSE__within a larger context gives rise to ambiguity. It is instead recommended tolet the root event of the context declare __CAUSE__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description:__ Identifies a cause of the event occurring. SHOULD not be used in conjunction with __CONTEXT__: individual events providing __CAUSE__ within a larger context gives rise to ambiguity. It is instead recommended to let the root event of the context declare __CAUSE__.
```

Author: Fixed in 837dc1f55476b3ca0ba2d9e8c235f39c4cd7ecf3.

### CONTEXT
__Required:__ No  
__Legal targets:__ [EiffelActivityTriggeredEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelActivityTriggeredEvent.md), [EiffelTestSuiteStartedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelTestSuiteStartedEvent.md)  
__Multiple allowed:__ No  

> __Description:__ Identifies the activity or test suite of which this eventconstitutes a part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description:__ Identifies the activity or test suite of which this event constitutes a part.
```

Author: Fixed in 837dc1f55476b3ca0ba2d9e8c235f39c4cd7ecf3.

### FLOW_CONTEXT
__Required:__ No  
__Legal targets:__ [EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent](../eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelFlowContextDefinedEvent.md)  
__Multiple allowed:__ No  

> __Description:__ Identifies the flow context of the event: which is thecontinuous integration and delivery flow in which this occurred – e.g. whichproduct, project, track or version this is applicable to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description:__ Identifies the flow context of the event: which is the continuous integration and delivery flow in which this occurred – e.g. which product, project, track or version this is applicable to.
```

Author: Fixed in 837dc1f55476b3ca0ba2d9e8c235f39c4cd7ecf3.
